/* Format for an entry
Member Name : XYZ
Date : dd/mm/yy
... Explain your Work ...
*/ 

Name : Bishop Prakash
Date : 5/8/20
Searched the web for solution regarding opening a F360 file in Solidworks, and I found STEP files as a possible solution
Studied about important robot parts like wheels, extensions and claws. 
Did dimensioning for the bot and completed the model except the claw in Fusion 360.
Tried opening the model in Solidworks and fixing joints... but that didn't work.
Did more research on exporting different types of files from F360 but nothing worked well as per the needs.

Name : Bishop Prakash
Date : 6/8/20
After all attempts to convert a F360 model to a SW model gone unsuccesful, 
I started making a new model from scratch in SW and completed it the same day including the claw. 
As I am not used to SW it took me more time than expected and
I had to study and watch videos about some sections of the SW like joints and Joint limits.

Name : Bishop Prakash
Date : 7/8/20
I started with studying about conversion of SW models to urdf on ROS site, and the SW Add-In for it.
Installed Visual Studio and downloaded the Repo required, 
read its documentation and ran the SW Add-In Installation that took a lot time to finish.
watched some YT videos for using the SW add-in for exporting and then exported the assembly as a urdf.
Tried opening urdf on ubuntu in rviz and gazebo by making a package but nothing was visible, 
I tried to figure out stuff from the bugs but not much was clear.

Name : Bishop Prakash
Date : 8/8/20
I figured out that some issues regarding joints and origins were there in the SW to URDF export so,
I made a new assembly using the parts, keeping symmetry around the origin so that I can crosscheck the URDF manually
Made small changes in the design, mostly altering the dimensions to provide an mm of clearences at the joint
because I figured out (with the help of mentors and team members) that maybe my model was unstable in gazebo due
to collisons of parts with each other and possible overlaps. 
Export new (Third) urdf and ran it... I got improved results but still a lot is there to br fixed.

Name : Bishop Prakash
Date : 9/8/20
Made some small changes in the dimensions of the model and tested them in ROS,
after the unfortunate failures, I tried to make seperate assemblies for bot base and claw 
so that the team can work on their controls seperately, and exported their corresponding urdfs too.

Name : Bishop Prakash
Date : 10/8/20
After early morning ROS tests and they all going unsuccessful, I was again on the web for clues,
I found that while exporting meshes, the global co-ordinate systems may have been chosen, 
which should be local part-wise co-ordinates, I tried to do those changes, 
but those options were not visible in my export window, I may have to give it one more look. 
I did some limit and joint changes with Effort values and velocities as discussed with the mentors.
An idea of 3 finger claw clicked me during above logic-fights so I made a triangular holder and
a 3 finger claw to reduce the possibilities of collisions, it woul also reduce some control works for us.
At the end I exported the above two packages and went on ubuntu to test them.

Name : Bishop Prakash
Date 12/8/20
Created the retracable back for the base of the bot, as discussed in the meeting 
so that we can drop the balls at the end of the simulation.
Exported all parts in the STL format so that they can simply be used in the URDF as meshes
as exported the version of assembly with retracable back.


